this is one of my friends on this server
is kind enough to purchase some nether
we've bags some 16 slot bags for me and
I'll help a lot
if any of you on the server know her
she's awesome okay she gets a slash hug
for me oh that looks so much better I'm
so happy thank you now that we finished
collecting our flat land Prowler claws
remember the quest where we had to
induce a hallucination follow the spirit
wolf back to that cave we're going to go
ahead and do that quest because it's
just east of here and it's very easy
especially now that we're level 10 I
just ding buddy missed it that sucks
once you can eat you'll find a quest
giver over here just southeast of word
that the complete the quest is this
quest is to help kill the guys that are
over here and it'll roll overlap with
going to see the guy to turn in the
quest over here
now that we have that question pleated
we're going to go turn in this quest and
then we're going to turn in all three
quests back in Thunder Bluff
you
talking with Kareem Bloodhoof gives you
a quest to kill a Kodo that patrols east
northeast of thunder bluff it's not no
it's not a difficult quest but finding
them can be hard that's why I'm a day /
tar AR macro so if I get close to him
and I hit that mackerel he'll
automatically show up targeted and I'll
just look for his hitbox it's just that
simple
you
onde o just as a polite thing I don't
skin any named creatures like that just
in case anybody else is looking for him
they'll say oh where is this guy where
is this guy and then they'll come across
his corpse which is not skinned just say
oh he's dead i'll just wait around this
area until he responds so yeah also nice
to say it in general there we go and
there we have our first green item now
that we've completed all of the Thunder
Bluff quests we're going to make one
final trip to bloodhoof village to turn
them the rest of our quests and we're
almost done the zone oh look what we
have here a rare
to whites oh my god ethic phat lootz
this is going to pretty much the final
quest is to cleanse the last well just
north of thunder bluff we're going to
save that for a while yeah our second
green more deeps we're going to wait
just a bit before we cleanse the final
well remember that quest I was bugged
out where I'm going to try and hand that
one in again then we're going to go kill
the guy to get their form and then we're
going to do the night then we're going
to go our thunder bluff and stuff and
all that good stuff please don't bug out
excellent oh we didn't even level so
close so let's just do this I don't want
to miss another ding you know what song
would really be nice for this guy would
be the fight theme from the classic Star
Trek where Kirk fights puck damn damn
damn damn
talk to him we're good for bear form
just like before clear out the ads
surrounding the well awesome we just got
bear form oh yeah
thanks for watching part two of my video
series I'm leveling I'll try to make one
every 24 hours if I can just sit tight
feel free to comment rate subscribe do
whatever leave comments tell your
friends tell your family all that good
stuff take it easy